do all the talking
anyhow guys we got this swing out from
yoga position and it goes like this
seven eight Rock step triple step in
step step triple step we're going to
break it down but first two steps for
the guy is Rock step and girls swivel
swivel which would be right left three
and four I step back on the slide
Transpo's step in girls we're going to
do a triple step right left right and
her leg is going to be our right next
movie in between the guy's leg and then
there's a little bit of counterbalance
of going on here five I turn 90 degrees
and soda she six I step back on the
slide and girls I step on my right foot
and I turn under the name
and then we finished up four seven eight
balls left right left pull them up pull
down seven and eight Rock step triple
step and step step triple step
secondly we thought was a Lindy circle
each a six count Lindy circle and it
looks the same thing as swinging up
through one through four and on five and
six we replaced the turning step with a
triple stack looks like this Rock step
triple step triple step Rock step today
let's do one more time five six seven
eight
swivel swivel principals have a
beautiful chef and rock step